PRACTICE TEST PHASE

You will now make judgments about "old" objects from the list that you
just studied and "new" objects that you did not study.

You will briefly see an object followed by an answer prompt.  Your job
for each old object is to REMEMBER WHICH SIDE it was on during study
(using the "sourceLeftText_test" or "sourceRightText_test" response),
and choose that as your answer.  Your job for each new object is to
CALL IT "NEW" (using the "newText_test" response).

The key for choosing "sourceLeftText_test" is sourceLeftKey_test.  The
key for choosing "sourceRightText_test" is sourceRightKey_test.  The
key for "newText_test" is newKey_test.

If you know it is an old object but you cannot remember its side, take
your best guess.

You will always make a second response after a side or new judgment.

If you choose a side, you will then respond with one of three options:
whether you REMEMBER seeing that particular object on that SIDE
("rememSourceText_test"), whether you REMEMBER some OTHER detail about
studying the object ("rememOtherText_test"), or whether the object
feels FAMILIAR but you can't remember any details about studying it
("knowText_test").  You will use the same keys: "rememSourceText_test"
is rsKey_test, "rememOtherText_test" is roKey_test, and
"knowText_test" is kKey_test.

If instead you say the object is new by answering "newText_test", you
will say whether you are "sureText_test" about it by pressing
sureKey_test, or that it was "maybeText_test" new by pressing
maybeKey_test.

-------------------------------------

Explanation of Remember and Familiar:

When we REMEMBER something, we consciously recollect and become aware
of aspects of its previous occurrence.  For example, you might
remember a recent movie and be able to recall specific details about
it, like where and with whom you saw it.  At other times, we might
feel that something is FAMILIAR and has occurred before, but can't
consciously recollect what was experienced at the time of its prior
occurrence.  For example, you might recognize a person and be certain
that you know him or her, but you're unable to recall any specific
details about the person, such as the person's name.

For this test, REMEMBERING an object's SIDE ("rememSourceText_test",
rsKey_test) signifies that the object evokes a specific memory of its
location during study.  REMEMBERING some OTHER ("rememOtherText_test",
roKey_test) detail about it could include remembering how it looked on
the screen during the study list, the way in which it was oriented in
the picture, or even what you were thinking or doing at the time it
was shown.  Being FAMILIAR ("knowText_test", kKey_test) with an object
signifies that you are confident that you saw it before, but that you
cannot recollect any details about doing so.

EXAMPLE: say you saw a pie during a study list, and then you see the
pie during test.  If you can specifically remember the side it was on
during the study period, you would answer REMEMBER SIDE
("rememSourceText_test", rsKey_test).  If instead you remember how
seeing the pie at study made you hungry or something else other than
its study side, you would answer REMEMBER OTHER
("rememOtherText_test", roKey_test).  If you know you saw the pie but
you cannot remember anything about studying it, then you would answer
FAMILIAR ("knowText_test", kKey_test).

-------------------------------------

Put your index fingers on the sourceLeftKey_test and
sourceRightKey_test keys now, and take a moment to memorize the key
assignments.  Please keep your eyes on the cross in the middle of the
screen.  Make sure you wait to respond until AFTER the object
disappears and you see the answer prompt.

* Please press RETURN to continue *
